--------------------
 Comparison to Make
--------------------

Advantages of Stu over Make are: 

* Error messages are much better (Make has the dreaded "missing
  separator"); Stu gives full traces like a good compiler.  If you get
  an error, you know which part of the Stu script to fix.  
* Stu has a proper tokenization pass, instead of Make's variable
  substitution syntax.  This makes the whole language much more
  predictable. 
* Variables are not used; instead Stu encourages to put everything in
  files.  This makes builds much faster: In a typical Makefile, a lot of
  program logic must be implemented used Make functions (because of a
  lack of dynamic dependencies), making a large piece of code being
  executed on each Make invocation, even if the variables have not
  changed.  
* Stu catches typical Makefile errors such as dependencies that where
  not built.  Make cannot do this because the namespace for files is
  intermixed with namespace for phony targets.  In Stu, both namespaces
  are separate (phony targets are called "transient targets" in Stu),
  and thus Stu can perform all checks properly. 
* Stu has better support for interrupting large builds.  Make will often
  hang or leave processes running. 
* Stu avoids the "inner platform" antipattern present in Make, in which
  a lot of shell functionality is duplicated in Make functions.  For
  instance, why are there text filtering functions in Make when the
  shell already has grep and other tools?  That's because in Make, you
  cannot use shell commands to define dynamic dependencies, so Make
  evolved to have its own mini text filtering language.  Instead, Stu
  allows and encourages all program logic to be implemented in ordinary
  rules, i.e. using a proper shell.  
* Stu supports additional types of dependencies which are essential in
  large, complex projects, such as persistent dependencies with the
  prefix -p (whose timestamps are always ignored), optional dependencies
  with -o (instead of writing custom code that check whether a file is
  present and making it impossible to let that file have dependencies of
  its own), and trivial dependencies with -t (used e.g. for generating
  compile-time options, or even a custom compiler).  These can only be
  emulated partially with Make by using unwieldy constructs.
